Fixes documentation and Gives Proper Volto-Core Guide (#5553)
plone/volto: docs/source/contributing/style-guide.md

## About design systems

> A Design System is the single source of truth which groups all the elements that will allow the teams to design, realize and develop a product. So a Design System is not a deliverable, but a set of deliverables. It constantly evolves with the product,tools and new technologies.

Reviewer: Our style guides uses one sentence per line, although older docs such as this file did not follow this practice.

```suggestion
A Design System is the single source of truth which groups all the elements that will allow the teams to design, realize and develop a product.
So a Design System is not a deliverable, but a set of deliverables.
It constantly evolves with the product, tools, and new technologies.
```

> Volto (and thus, Plone 6) has a design system in the making for several years. Albert Casado Celma (@albertcasado) has been working on it and providing with a lot of hints and advices about how Volto's UI/UX should be. As stated at the beginning, a design system is a continuous effort, that evolves over time with the users' feedback and needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Volto (and thus, Plone 6) had a design system in the making for several years.
Albert Casado Celma (@albertcasado) had been working on it, and providing a lot of hints and advice about how Volto's UI/UX should be.
As stated at the beginning, a design system is a continuous effort, that evolves over time with the users' feedback and needs.
```
